#
# This file is autogenerated by hatch-pip-compile with Python 3.12
#
# [constraints] requirements.txt (SHA256: 0b7f0f65fc60ec1d7d8abf4640daee9af19039cde518568f922707b00553b13a)
#
# - sphinx
# - sphinx-autobuild
# - myst-parser
# - shibuya
# - sphinx-design
# - sphinx-tabs
# - sphinx-copybutton
# - sphinx-togglebutton
# - sphinxcontrib-mermaid
# - jupyter-sphinx
# - ipykernel
# - sphinx-github-changelog
# - sphinx-docsearch
# - autoflake
# - black
# - cappa
# - cookiecutter
# - cruft
# - djlint
# - httpx
# - isort
# - rich
# - tomlkit
#

alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
black==24.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cappa==0.22.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   cookiecutter
    #   cruft
    #   djlint
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
    #   sphinx-autobuild
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
    #   cruft
cruft==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
cssbeautifier==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
djlint==1.35.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-github-changelog
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
editorconfig==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cruft
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html-tag-names==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
html-void-elements==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   hatch.envs.docs
    #   jupyter-sphinx
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter-sphinx
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
jsbeautifier==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   djlint
json5==0.9.25
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-sphinx==0.5.3
    # via hatch.envs.docs
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
myst-parser==4.0.0
    # via hatch.envs.docs
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-sphinx
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   djlint
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   autoflake
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   djlint
    #   myst-parser
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.7.24
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-github-changelog
rich==13.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
    #   cappa
    #   cookiecutter
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
setuptools==74.1.1
    # via sphinx-togglebutton
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   typer
shibuya==2024.8.30
    # via hatch.envs.docs
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.0.2
    # via
    #   hatch.envs.docs
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-parser
    #   shibuya
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-github-changelog
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
sphinx-autobuild==2024.9.3
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinx-docsearch==0.0.4
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinx-github-changelog==1.4.0
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinx-tabs==3.4.5
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.2
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==0.9.2
    # via hatch.envs.docs
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
starlette==0.38.4
    # via sphinx-autobuild
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   hatch.envs.docs
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   djlint
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typer==0.12.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cruft
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240821
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cappa
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cappa
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via sphinx-autobuild
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via sphinx-autobuild
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websockets==13.0.1
    # via sphinx-autobuild
wheel==0.44.0
    # via sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
